spec step3 wording - explicit relay forward (fixes #77) (#80)
flashbots/mev-boost: docs/specification.md

2. _mev-boost_ receives a [`engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV1`](#engine_forkchoiceupdatedv1) call from a beacon node and forwards it to all connected relays to communicate `feeRecipient`.

> 3. _mev_boost_ receives [`builder_getPayloadHeaderV1`](#builder_getpayloadheaderv1) request from the beacon node, and forwards it to all relays as `relay_getPayloadHeaderV1`. _mev-boost_ must return the [`ExecutionPayloadHeaderV1`](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/v1.1.6/specs/merge/beacon-chain.md#executionpayloadheader) with the highest associated `feeRecipientDiff`.

Reviewer: Might as well align to the latest version? A few field names have changed. `fee_recipients` and `prev_random`

```suggestion
3. _mev_boost_ receives [`builder_getPayloadHeaderV1`](#builder_getpayloadheaderv1) request from the beacon node, and forwards it to all relays as `relay_getPayloadHeaderV1`. _mev-boost_ must return the [`ExecutionPayloadHeaderV1`](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/v1.1.10/specs/bellatrix/beacon-chain.md#executionpayloadheader) with the highest associated `feeRecipientDiff`.
```
